{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue114;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Shaun Roger White
\b0  (born September 3, 1986) is an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 American}} professional {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowboarding"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 snowboarder}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skateboarding"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 skateboarder}}. He is a two-time {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympic_Games"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Olympic}} gold medalist. He rides{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Footedness"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 regular stance}}, twelve and negative three degrees on his board.\
\
White was born in San Diego, California. His ancestry includes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_American"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Irish}} and Italian.He was born with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetralogy_of_Fallot"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Tetralogy of Fallot}}, a congenital heart defect for which he endured two open-heart operations before the age of one.
\fs20 \cf3  
\fs26 \cf0 He stands 5'8" (1.73 m) tall. White spent his formative years riding {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Okemo_Mountain"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Okemo Mountain}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear_Mountain_(Ski_Area)"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Bear Mountain}}, small ski resorts found in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludlow,_Vermont"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Ludlow, Vermont}}, and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Bernardino_Mountains"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 San Bernardino Mountains}} of Southern California.\
\
White's skateboard career took place during the same time he was rising through the snowboard ranks. White quickly drew the eyes of many in the skateboarder scene including professional skateboarder {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Hawk"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Tony Hawk}}. At this point Hawk befriended the nine-year-old White at a local skatepark and mentored him, helping him turn pro in skateboarding at the age of 17. White has gone on to win many titles on his skateboard, most notably winning the overall title of Action Sports Tour Champion, as well as being the first person to compete in and win both the Summer and Winter X Games in two different sports. Following in his older brother's footsteps, White switched from skiing to snowboarding at age six, and by age seven he received his first sponsorship. White has participated in two Winter Olympics in his career. At both the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Winter_Olympics"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 2006}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Winter_Olympics"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 2010 Winter Olympics}}, White won gold in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowboard_halfpipe"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 snowboard halfpipe}} event. White has also participated in the Winter {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X_Games"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 X Games}}, where he has won a medal every year since 2002. Including all winter X Games competitions through 2009, his medal count stands at 15 (10 gold, 3 silver, 2 bronze), among which is the first quadruple win streak by a male athlete in one discipline, the snowboard slopestyle. White's streak was snapped in 2007 when he lost to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Wiig"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Andreas Wiig}} and Teddy Flandreau, with White taking the bronze. He won the Air & Style Contest in 2003 and 2004.\
\
}