{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 I was born in the 80's, when there was still the MTB (... then came the risk of farestinguere BMX). Shortly after he learned to walk with a certain nonchalance, in the wake of my father's passion for motocross, and overwhelmed by the fashion of ET even my parents gave me the BMX. I think it was more gassed them to me, since I did not have very clear what it was, but I turned 3 years already without wheels. At 10 years old I wanted at all costs, a motorcycle, a mini cross, but my did not want to know, and I could only continue to ride with the group of my friends. At the time no one knew of the existence of the trick but it was already the prehistory of the table top: jumped down from the walls trying to fold the bike. Then began the hard period: up to 14 years has been very difficult to find a bmx because the MTB dominated the scene of the pedal and I had to go look bmx ruins of the farms in the area. At that point, the scooter arrived ... and also I was part of the wonderful world of tamarri of Ceva and wandered the streets of the country with the helmet cross.But the passion for BMX in fact I have never abandoned. I have always followed the scene in the meantime was evolving towards freestyle. Thanks to Eurosport, which broadcast the X Games, I found out what you could do with bmx: my myth was DAVE, the miracle man ... And 'thanks to a friend who passed me a catalog in which SUNN quoted, the Italian importer of bmx, I finally said it was time to buy again, a bmx. But, to get me started in earnest, we wanted something more: a flood for example! '94 In fact, in my part of the brothel has happened: Torrential rains have brought out from the banks of the Tanaro destroying all roads. The school is closed for a month and curved asphalt became natural ramp, a marvel!But the post flood was on my side with the funds allocated by the state for the recovery of the structures, in my school they built jumps for the bike.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qj
\cf2 Clearly it was just mounds of earth, but for us it was already a park. I remember one of the first trick I tried was the 360: I closed it right away, and from there there was no break. My real breakthrough, however, dates back to the ramp Dogliani, skatepark abandoned, but it is really there that started it all ... From that moment bmx came during "the fat" people with a great desire to do and a great deal of contest organized a little 'everywhere. The scene began to expand and even companies have started to intervene in these disciplines. My first sponsor was USELESS that gave me clothing. Then came Oakley and Red Bull, in the period in which this discipline was getting a little 'more consistent. The strangest thing is that, in Italy, many companies have got involved in this world, but paradoxically, the only ones that do not invest are manufacturers of bmx ... the market is still small, but I think it's growing. Today I can call myself a pro rider: they are often abroad, but I never lose contact with the Italian scene because you're gassing more and more. I'd like to be able to train more here in Italy, but there are no facilities. A Woodward made in Italy would be a dream. However, in spite of everything, I still turn Ceva, in my rotten spot, but do not abandon it for the world.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc
\cf2 \
}