{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 Buddy got into BMX when he was very young. He found himself always riding a bike from an early age, utilizing some form of pedaling or pushing in whatever he did. His first BMX came along when he was about 13 years old, and it too served merely as a means of transportation; to get around. Buddy was never really into asking for lifts from friends or from the folks, so the bike was perfectly suited to his needs. Through riding his bike, Buddy started meeting other riders, and heading on out for those long road pedaling trips. He started absorbing what was going on around him on these trips, and that\'92s when it all started for the young Capetonian. Nine years of competing and he\'92s still on it, at the top of his game.\
\
\'93Riding has made me the person I am today,\'94 says Buddy of his chosen sport. \'93The way I look at things, the tons of fun it has brought me, and the amount of true friends I have made from riding, I couldn\'92t have wanted it any other way. It has led me to say no to bad things, and it puts the biggest smile on my face. Being happy and smiling is my number one.\'94\
\
The best thing about BMX, according to Buddy, is hard to define. \'93What\'92s not good about BX or any sport you love?\'94 but for Buddy it\'92s all about the friends he has made, and quite simply the feeling he gets when riding his bike with them.\
\
Buddy has a simple set of goals in life, that comprise staying positive, living happy, and getting to do as much as he can before his time\'92s up. Good words to live by.}